---
layout: post
title: "If Dale Tyler Is Such A Hot-Shot"
date: 2012-01-03 20:42
comments: true
categories: [Mission Viejo, Dale Tyler, RSA, Cathy Schlicht, Idiots and Weenies, Orange County Politics]
---

well you **really** have to wonder why his blog looks like a cat shit all over his keyboard. Okay, so some people have no sense of asethics...and it's pretty damn obvious none of "those people" do, but Tyler's blog is pathetic.  He's supposedly some hot-shot pc guru, and, yet, he doesn't have a "cool kids" static page, blog generated by ruby and served up on Github, or Heroku, or by running Rsync. 

But then Eugene, a.k.a, "Dale" was never a cool kid.  Neither was Cathy Schlicht, or Francis Holtzman, or Lawrence Gilbert.  No "those people" were made fun of their entire lives and that is why they are so hell-bent on making life in Mission Viejo insufferable. Theirs is an exercise in futility, of course, because most of us can tell A from B; we know a liar when we hear one. 

<!-- more -->

Their latest move is to pretend that Cathy Schlicht actually cares about the kids in town. This is the woman who along with Dale Tyler and Connie Lee planned the recall of a council member eight months before he was up for reelection. It was a bold-face power grab and to further their goal, this group paid [Jenny Breslin/JSM](http://www.stopballotfraud.org/merchant/jsm_inc) to collect petition signatures in town. JSM has been accused of campaign fraud in seven different states. A track record that was clearly attractive for Tyler and Schlicht. 

In fact, Tyler is on record having paid several individuals in cash, but not bothering to get their home addresses so he could report their income. He also paid one individual cash who wanted to continue collecting unemployment insurance. Can we spell **insurance fraud,** gang?

All of this was documented and presented to the Orange County District Attorney, Tony Rackauckas, who promptly ignored it because, well, shucks, Dale is a good old boy and member of the SRA and well, Tony just might need his help someday.  Or maybe they both have a thing for very young fat boys.  Who can tell with these guys?