---
layout: post
title: "Orange County's First Mobile First Blog"
date: 2012-01-03 20:49
comments: true
categories: [responsive web design, mobile first, Orange County, Side Six]
---
### Dig This:

The world wide web has moved, folks. Next time you're down at Starbucks you can check for yourself. Take a look around at all the people staring down at a small electronic screen.  The World Wide Web has left the desktop and is now live in people's hands, thanks largely to Steve Jobs. 

A "responsive design" is a site that responds to the device you use to view the web.  It scales from the size of an iPhone screen in portrait mode, 320 pixels wide on up to 1200 or 1900 or 2300 pixels wide for desktop viewing. If you're currrently on a desktop you can see what I mean by making your browser window very large.  Now slowly bring it in from the right until it's about the size of an iPhone.  
<!-- more -->

This blog, unlike those powered by Wordpress, Drupal, et. al., has no database; it's made of simple html, css, and some javascript and then generated by a ruby app that lives on my hard drive and does all the heavy lifting.  Simple, easy, and elegant.  It's prefect for solution for the modern web because it's completely compliant, and looks great in all the modern compliant browsers. It even looks okay in Internet Explorer which is a piece of garbage. 

Right now it's "out of the box," and it took 8 minutes to set up.  I work on a Mac Pro that I bought in 2008. Macs come from Apple with everything you need to do this type of development work.  Actually Apple ships their computers with everything you need to do any kind of development work. 

As I get time, I'll be customizing it. 

I hope you enjoy.  If you're interested in this sort of thing for yourself, [drop a dime on me](mailto:info@theinsufferabledanavery.com). 